Docs CSS Variable page (#11723)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/styling/css-variables/css-variables.md

1. **Override built-in theme variables** to quickly customize existing themes like `ht-theme-main`.
2. **Create custom theme files** by copying and modifying existing theme SCSS files.
3. Use the **Figma Theme Generator** to convert design tokens into CSS variables automatically.

The data grid's styling system is built entirely on CSS variables, with over 200 variables organized into logical categories covering typography, colors, spacing, borders, and component-specific styling listed below.

## Usage Examples

### Basic customization by overriding css variables

Follow these [steps](@/guides/styling/themes/themes.md#use-a-theme) to apply a theme, then override the variables for your chosen theme.

Here’s an example for `.ht-theme-main`:

```css
.ht-theme-main {
  --ht-accent-color: #007bff;
  --ht-foreground-color: #333333;
  --ht-background-color: #ffffff;
  ...
}
```

### Create a custom theme based on an existing SCSS file

Creating a custom theme is straightforward. You just need a local clone of the [Handsontable repository](https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable) and follow these steps to set up your custom design:

#### 1. Create a new SCSS file

> Start by copying one of the SCSS files in the `handsontable/src/styles/themes` directory, such as [`main.scss`](https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/blob/develop/handsontable/src/styles/themes/main.scss). Rename it to something unique for your project. For this example, let’s name the new theme `falcon.scss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by copying one of the SCSS files in the `handsontable/src/styles/themes` directory, such as [`main.scss`](https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/blob/develop/handsontable/src/styles/themes/main.scss). Rename it to something unique for your project. For this example, let's name the new theme `falcon.scss`.
```
